PMM-9825   QAN: Strange values in User Name filter with pg_stat_monitor (#1198)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.41.1.md

## Bugs Fixed

> - [PMM-9825](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-9825) - [QAN] When PostgreSQL was monitored with [pg_stat_monitor](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/setting-up/client/postgresql.html#pg_stat_monitor), User ID was displayed instead of real User Names in Query Analytics. This issue was fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
- [PMM-9825](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-9825) - [QAN] When PostgreSQL was monitored with [pg_stat_monitor v2.0+](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/setting-up/client/postgresql.html#pg_stat_monitor), User ID was displayed instead of real User Names in Query Analytics. This issue was fixed.
```

## Bugs Fixed

> - [PMM-9825](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-9825) - [QAN] When PostgreSQL was monitored with [pg_stat_monitor v2.0+](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/setting-up/client/postgresql.html#pg_stat_monitor), User ID was displayed instead of real User Names in Query Analytics. This issue was fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-9825](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-9825) - [QAN]: PostgreSQL databases, monitored using the [pg_stat_monitor extension v2.0+](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/setting-up/client/postgresql.html#pg_stat_monitor), were previously displayed with User IDs rather than actual User Names in the **Service Name** column on the **Query Analytics (QAN)** page. This issue is now fixed.
```
